Viz updates (#29)
cheeseman-lab/brieflow-analysis: README.md

bash 10.run_cluster_slurm.sh
```

### Step 11: Notebook analysis

> Run the [11.analyze.ipynb](analysis/11.analyze.ipynb) notebook to perform more specific cluster analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the [11.analyze.ipynb](analysis/11.analyze.ipynb) notebook to evaluate the biological relevance of your clusters using a [LLM wrapper](https://github.com/cheeseman-lab/mozzarellm) and to generate simple plots of your features.
```
